"","x"
"1","I don't have a question per se, just a comment. Our practice is based at the school of dentistry. While we can access epic, commonly our patients don't have mychart enabled. I expect that we will be doing most of our consents on paper on the day of the operation. The service will do its best to comply with econsent process, but it will be imperfect."
"2","Is it required?"
"3","I am worried that our older patients will have trouble with this - but we will give it a try!"
"4","Link to the video currently doesn't work"
"5","Probably will have some once i start using it."
"6","This is something that requires people to be available when we do our initial consents to help. The questions will come in practice"
"7","I am concerned that in striving for efficiency, we are losing track of the true functional intent of an informed consent. That is to assure that relevant risks/benefits and anticipated course have been not only provided, but understood fully by the patient.   I have been studying informed consent for quite sometime and patients often, despite the best intent, often do not understand what they are consenting for and often forget things between the clinic and day of surgery. Just reading information on an e-form doesn't allow for questions to be answered or document that they have been answered."
"8","Why is this process far more onerous than a simple paper consent? I can name 10 issues that are more common and constitute longer patient delays than lack of a consent available on the day of the operation."
"9","Is this will be used uwmc, hmc, nwh?"
"10","Will we be able to complete the state-required hysterectomy consent forms electronically at some point?  Thanks!"
"11","Melanie lang"
"12","Thanks so much for doing this- it is going to be fantastic!"
"13","A little unclear about rollout timeline for clinical staff... Sounds like it'll start at the surgical centers, then move to the clinics? Still ok to do paper for patients who request it?"
"14","Why are the consents being printed out? Cant they just be pulled up on a computer screen for time out? Seems wasteful."
"15","Many hmc patients do not have functionality to access mychart. This will not work for them."
"16","If the non-english consents are not available in epic, i would advocate that we use the paper consents in the patient's native language until this issue is rectified."
"17","Not sure how to handle scenarios where a surgeon has a really long waitlist.  Sometimes in plastic surgery, our waitlists are 8-18 months, but a surgeon doesn't really know as it fluctuates (waitlist management is pcc workflow, not surgeon).  We can't really set a reminder on each patient to check on waitlist timing."
"18","Main question is what to do when consent has expired (> 90 days).  Do we start completely new one ?"
"19","If the patient doesn't use my chart can a paper consent be done before day of surgery as we have been doing?"
"20","Mechanism for patients who are not facile with mychart or do not have stable access to internet."
"21","Email sent to jo giliberto"
"22","Would appreciate some recommendations about workflow for patients whose preferred language is not english, but who only have a video interpreter. Some languages do not have in person interpreters available, or the interpreters cannot be booked on short notice that is needed oncologic patient for example. Is it best to continue using paper consent with a video interpreter?"
"23","Can i create a consent if i have not put in a case request?"
"24","Will there be hard copy instructions for the econsent process in hmc asu, where it's being piloted?"
"25","Intentionally left blank"
"26","When you have multiple possible procedure but not sure, like whether there is cancer or not, where do you put in that information"
"27","I'm a bit concerned about non-english speaking patients and elderly patients without mychart"
"28","As we become more proficient with this as a system, can we stop printing the consents for pre-op and just pull them up electronically for review at pre-op and time-out? Seems a waste of time and resource to make e-consents to then print out for dos. Thanks!"
"29","What about patients that do not have access to my chart? (That is a staggering number of our harborview patients)"
"30","Will we get a version for ambulatory procedures?"
